add codebyte examples for the Date.getMinutes(), Date.getMonth(), and… (#2322)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/getSeconds/getSeconds.md

// Output: This match is still ongoing.
```

## Codebyte Example

> The example below defines a new `Date` object `dateTimeNow`, uses the `getSeconds()` method to extract and store the seconds in a new variable `seconds`, and then logs the current date\time, the current seconds, and the seconds remaining in the current minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below defines a new `Date` object `dateTimeNow`, and then saves the result of the `getSeconds()` method in a new variable `seconds`. Finally, the current date\time, the current seconds, and the seconds remaining in the current minute are logged to the console.
```
